= gtin

* http://github.com/hmasing/gtin

== DESCRIPTION:

The GTIN gem provides very simple functionality for verifying checksums on EAN-13 and UPC-A barcode values.
It also does very simple conversion between the two by left-padding with zeroes.  This is not intended to 
be a complex gem, but is certainly functional for applications that require that barcode values be
checked for valid checksums and length.

http://www.gtin.info/

Inspired by the EAN gem by Pascal Belloncle (nano RAILS)

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

	* ---

== SYNOPSIS:

  	'731346000101'.ean?    ==> false
  	'731346000101'.upc?    ==> true
	'731346000101'.to_ean  ==> '0731346000101'
	'731346000101'.to_gtin ==> '000731346000101'

	'0731346000101'.valid_checksum? ==> true
	'0731346000105'.valid_checksum? ==> false
	
	Also adds .odd? and .even? to the Integer class
	
== REQUIREMENTS:

	none

== INSTALL:

	sudo gem install gtin

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Hans C. Masing & Dragonfly Depot, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.